In the previous demo,
we had just expanded the ChromeDriver underneath our project,
and that works.
It works just fine.
There's actually no problems with doing that.
There's only one caveat to that that I personally don't really care for,
and that is for every project that we have,
we need to expand a copy of that at the root of that
project so that it's on our path.
There's a couple of ways you go about adding this to your path.
You can create a common directory and then go through and modify your path.
Well,
ChromeDriver and Selenium and all of the developers that work with that have
actually put together some quick installation tools that you can go through and
install ChromeDriver or the GeckoDriver or any of the other tools quite easily
without you needing to go through and try and edit environment variables and
get them set up the correct way.
So let's first off begin by deleting these out of our project,
so I'm going to move those to my trash.
And then I'm going to go to my browser really quick and grab the
correct installation command to execute this from the command
line that will install it for me.
I have Homebrew installed.
So based off of their installation instructions here
on the GitHub page for Selenium HQ,
I can just type in brew install ‑‑cask chromedriver,
and it will install this for me from the terminal.
Switching over to my terminal,
I'm just going to paste in that command of brew install ‑‑cask space
chromedriver and hit Enter, and it will go through and download all of these
libraries and install them in the correct location.
You can see I've already got it installed.
Now we go back to our IDE and execute that, and the test should
run just the same. Running the test again,
I can go ahead and execute it, and it should pull up a browser window for
me. And there is the browser window. So my test executed. I didn't have to
have a copy of that installed at the root of every project that I have,
and I can clean it up a little bit.
There's instructions there for Mac,
Linux, and Windows installations for you to not have to do that or to set
system properties inside of each Java file as well.
That's another common hack that people will use to get this up and running. So using brew or apt‑get is really easy for us to get up and running this way..